Now aside from that we also have a Radie structuring so it offers some very cool capabilities as well.
One of those is going to be shown right now.
So let's make a ray and we'll call it friends and we'll set it equal to here.
Now a Radie structuring is very similar to object destructuring.
The only difference is we use array literal syntax instead of object literal syntax.
So now that we have these three different people right here the way that I get them out essentially
is to do let an array literal syntax or square braces and the name of the variable i want to define.
So in this case I'll do first friend and then second friend said equal to the friends array.
And now if icons will not log these guys right here the first friend and second friend like so you can
see a prince out like a chimp.
So in this case the way these are assigned it operates on the position within the array.
So the first is assigned and then the second friend is assigned could also do something very similar.
Let And if I want to get to the third but I don't want to assign the first to the second.
I can just do commas like so.
And those will operate as placeholders while I get to the third item in the array.
Then I about third friend like so you can see a prince out Jimmy just below.
So with that being said it operates on the position so you don't really specify it the same way you
would with object literal syntax.
And by using these placeholders right here you can access exactly which item in the array you want to
pull out and assign it to a variable very easily according to where it is inside of the array or its
position.